Honey, what is all this?
[ Phil ]
Hey.
Hey, Mom, I’m trying
to write this stupid
college essay question,
- and I really don’t even
know where to start.
- What’s the question? Tell me.
"What’s the biggest obstacle
you’ve ever had to overcome?"
Didn’t my third-grade teacher
say I had, like, A.D.D.
or something?
Oh, no, honey.
She said you couldn’t A-D-D,
and she put it that way
because she also knew
you couldn’t S-P-E-L-L.
Wait. Slow down.
[ Groans ]
Ohh!
Sweetheart, what’s this?
We talked
about this last week.
I said I’m
building Luke a tree house.
You said "Fine."
You know, sometimes I think
you just tune me out.
I never told her.
She just would’ve said no.
I don’t remember agreeing
to this, Phil.
This is like the time you
backed down the driveway...
with a hang glider
sticking out of the car.
If you’d let me keep that,
those geese would’ve
followed me to the wetlands.
You would have died.
A hero.
[ Laughing ]
So we spread out
a nice blanket,
open up a bottle of vino...
and watch the sun set
over the water.
It was majestic.
[ Jay ]
Mmm.
Majestic.
Ay. Why we never
have the picnic?
Who wants to sit on a blanket?
There’s no back support.
It’s majestic.
Last week,
Shorty took me to see
the Cirque du Soleil.
It’s like a circus,
but classy.
So if you like elephants,
don’t hold your breath.
She’s so cute.
[ Laughs ]
Jay hate the crowds,
the beach, the rainbows.
Rainbows.
That’s just colors in the sky.
Do we have to pull over
every time and take a picture?
[ Shorty ] Shame.
There’s an expression
in Italian, Jay:
Dammi la tua mano
e corriamo uniti
per tutta la vita.
"Give me your hand and we will
run together our whole lives."
[ Woman ]
Aww.
Jay also hates running.
♪ Hey, hey ♪
♪ Hey ♪♪
- Here you go.
- Oh, thank you.
- And here you go.
- Ohh. What is this?
You said to knock
your socks off.
Oh? Well, look.
it’s already working.
[ Laughing ]
Two more of those,
and you won’t be wearing
any underwear either.
Oh, look!
Cam, down. Down.
Maybe later.
Oh, okay.
Maybe– Maybe later.
[ Laughs ]
Did you hear that?
The waitress is
flirting with me.
No, no. She’s not
flirting with you.
She’s trolling for tips, okay?
She totally knows you’re gay.
How would she know I’m gay?
Uh, maybe it’s the way you
ordered a "drink-a-doodle-doo."
[ Chuckles ]
Cam has this crazy theory
that if he were straight...
[ Mouthing Words ]
and Julia Roberts were single,
they’d be dating.
It’s not crazy.
I met her once at an AIDS walk,
and our chemistry was palpable.
No, you handed her
a bottle of water.
And her fingers lingered.
Because you wouldn’t let go.
I could totally pick up
any woman in here.
If by that you mean lift her
off the ground, then yes,
I’ll give you that.
I for sure
could be a womanizer.
Or you could be someone
who just stepped out a machine
called The Womanizer.
Okay, you know what? That’s it.
Pick anyone in here,
and if I can get their number,
you do the laundry for a month.
If I fail, I’ll do it.
Okay, I hate doing laundry,
so, um–
Mm-hmm.
No. Um–
Oh, okay.
Right here.
Her.
Okay, great. Great.
Just get rid of my flair.
Whoa. Where–
Where did Cam go?
[ Snickering ]
Where is he?
[ Shorty ]
Dinner was absolutely wonderful.
[ Woman ] Amazing.
You know what? Why don’t
you guys come salsa dancing
with us tomorrow night?
Oh, yeah.
That would be great!
Ay, it sounds
like so much fun.
I love salsa dancing.
Jay, let’s go
salsa dancing with them.
Look.
[ Laughs ]
Why not?
I just bought
that pay-per-view fight.
I’ll tell you what.
We’ll compromise.
We’ll watch the fight,
we’ll eat salsa.
- Who needs him?
Come dancing with us.
- Ay, no. I wouldn’t want to–
No, no, you’d be
doing me a favor.
Shorty never wants to stop,
and I could use a break.
You hear that, Jay?
I never stop.
All I hear is
she could use a break.
Hey. Oh, my God.
How are you?
Hey. Hey!
Wow.
Look at you.
You look fantastic.
Thank you. S-So do you.
How long has it been?
F-Feels like forever.
Yeah.
What, um–
When is the last time
we saw each other?
Oh, let’s see.
I think it was
at Dave’s thing.
You know what?
I’m sorry.
I don’t know
if you’ve heard.
I was in
a terrible car accident,
and ever since the coma,
I have a really hard time
placing names and faces.
So who are you again?
Oh, my God. I am so sorry.
It was just a clever way
to try to approach you.
We don’t know each other.
I’ve never been in a coma.
But you so deserved that.
That was
the worst pick-up ever.
Oh, my God!
[ Laughs ]
That was genius
and mean!
Now I know why
we’re old fake friends.
Can I buy you a drink?
Yeah.
I’m Katie.
Cameron.
If she were a hot guy,
I would never have been
that smooth.
It’s ironic.
Like the Gift of the Vagi.
[ Katie ]
There we go.
[ Laughs ]
Thank you.
Nice to meet you.
You too.
Bye.
Wham, bam,
thank you, Cam.
Seriously.
You got her number?
Sure did.
And all my shirts get ironed,
and their seams should appear
straight, just like their owner.
Shouldn’t you be using
screws instead of nails?
America was built
with nails, Son.
So was that gazebo
you built for our
Fourth of July party.
I’m telling you,
you are gonna love this bad boy.
You know
what can’t climb trees?
Raccoons?
Worries.
Raccoons can and will
get up here,
so don’t leave any food,
or they’ll get territorial
and attack.
Are you sure
this is a good idea?
Are you kidding me?
You’re gonna have so much fun
hanging out up here
with your buddies.
Trust me.
When you get older,
it all changes.
Why?
Well, life gets in the way.
Did I just say
"wife gets in the way"?
’Cause sometimes I do that.
Nope, you’re good.
And you have
lots of friends.
Yeah, I have work friends,
and your mom and I have
couples friends,
and there are
my college friends, but they’re
scattered all over the country.
It’s not the same
as just shouting out
to your neighborhood buddies,
"Hey, fellas, I’m up here
in the tree house!"
Oh! I gotta fix
that... board.
I can’t do this.
Why are you
so frustrated?
Because I’ve never had
any obstacles to overcome.
Oh, honey,
that’s not true.
Really? Name one.
Well–
You’re lactose
intolerant.
Oh. "Dear college,
cheese makes me gassy.
See you in September."
Sweetie, you’re not really
starting your essays
"Dear college," are you?
What difference does it make?
I’ve lived a boring,
sheltered, pathetic life.
I am sorry
we have made things too easy
and comfortable for you.
Oh, you should be.
It is all your fault.
You have shielded me
from everything
interesting and dangerous.
You are blaming me
because I kept you
from getting hurt?
Gabby’s mom’s a hoarder.
That essay
practically writes itself.
Maybe it is our fault.
But did you ever consider
there’s a reason?
What are you talking about?
[ Sighs ]
There’s a reason
why we were so easy on you.
- I don’t understand.
- Oh, honey,
you’re old enough now.
- Old enough for what?
- The truth.
Okay, come on.
Gotta show you something.
- We’re gonna go for a ride.
- Mom, just tell me.
You are my mom, right?
Oh, hey.
- I’m a bad man.
- Oh, no. What did you eat?
Mitchell, remember the girl
I met last night?
How can I forget her?
She’s super famous for having
the world’s worst gaydar.
How could I be so cavalier
with her emotions?
You know,
we had a real connection.
She gave me her number.
And right now, she’s probably
sitting by the phone,
waiting for me to call.
Uh-huh.
I don’t think you understand
how charmed she was by me.
Oh, my God. Where did you
get all this self-confidence?
I won Cutest Baby
at the 1974 Jasper County Fair.
People at the time
said I could go Gerber.
You know what?
I’m calling her.
What?
No, I can’t carry this around.
I have to come clean
so she can move on
with her life.
[ Scoffs ]
This is crazy.
She is not waiting by the–
Hi. Katie, it’s Cam.
First ring.
- I was hoping
I would call too.
- Oh, smooth.
So listen, I forgot
to mention something last night,
and I’m– I’m actually
not really quite sure
how to say this.
- "I’m a gay guy."
- [ Mouthing Words ]
Um, it’s actually
somewhat delicate.
"As am I,
on account of the gay."
No, no.
I had a great time
with you too, Katie.
It’s–
Well, it’s just that–
"I don’t dig the ladies."
No, no, and I want you to sit.
I want you to have a seat
on a chaise lounge.
Hey, you wanna go out
and grab some dinner
before the fight tonight?
No, thank you.
Wanna eat at home?
I’ll grill some steaks,
open a bottle of wine.
Whatever you want,
because I’m not going
to be here.
She’s going salsa dancing–
without me.
Ay, Manny, I told you.
It’s a 21-and-over club.
A forbidden dance floor.
Only makes me want it more.
Wait a second.
You’re going dancing
with Shorty and Darlene?
Yes. Because even though
he’s old like you,
he still likes to have fun.
We like to have fun.
Last week, I took you to dinner.
Went to the boat show.
Got some sherbet.
And were home by 8:30
with no boat.
What do you want from me?
I don’t like dancing.
I don’t like sherbet.
Yeah, right.
How about coconut?
Who doesn’t
like the coconut?
Hmm? Who?
And anyways, I’m going
dancing with or without you.
Fine. I hope you have
a good time with Shorty.
I don’t need Shorty.
I won’t have any problem
finding a partner on my own.
Wow.
Way to rub it in, Mom.
How’d it go, heartbreaker?
That is one classy lady.
Which is why I couldn’t
tell her.
- What?
- Well, I just couldn’t
do it on the phone.
She seemed so excited
to hear from me,
and I’m very bad
at disappointing
people, Mitchell.
Not all people.
Mama was right
when she said my charm
was like a wild stallion.
If not properly bridled,
it’ll bust down a barn.
Okay, you wanna get rid
of your girlfriend,
tell her that story.
Maybe I will
when she comes over.
She’s coming over.
Are you serious?
She said she
was in the area,
running errands.
What was I was
supposed to say?
"Don’t come over"?
Well, I guess
I could’ve said that,
but it’s too late now.
Plus, I wanna break it
to her gently.
So come on.
Help me un-gay the place.
You know what?
I’ll make it less gay by half.
Oh, these flowers should go too.
You mean the ones
underneath the portrait
of you cuddling another man?
Oh, good catch.
Ohh!
[ Footsteps ]
Manny.
What’s up, big guy?
How hard is it to learn
this salsa dancing stuff?
Not hard at all.
It’s about tapping into
your emotion, your passion
and your inner fire.
Crap!
[ Jay ]
I stink at dancing.
First dance at our wedding,
Gloria was all graceful
and gorgeous,
and I was all big and clunky,
like that scene
from Beauty and the Beast.
Actually, that was the song.
Manny picked it.
He didn’t like me back then.
♪♪ [ Stereo: Salsa ]
Back straight.
Okay, do as I do.
Other leg.
Okay, stop marching.
You’re dancing,
not invading Poland.
Hello. Hi.
Looking for Jay Pritchett.
He’s about 6’2", tough guy,
wrestles with homophobia.
The hell
are you doing here?
♪♪ [ Stops ]
I had to get
out of the house.
Cam needed a little alone time
with his new girlfriend.
Don’t ask.
Don’t tell.
- What’s going on here?
- He’s learning to dance.
But he’s just so tense.
It’s not working out.
’Cause you’re not letting go.
I’m trying.
Don’t you think I wanna
be all smooth and make
your mom happy out there?
But I just can’t do it,
that’s all.
Jay, I’m not giving up on you.
Okay.
Hey, Manny, would you
give us a second?
Oh.
Thanks.
Dad, look.
I– I know this is weird,
but you and I are a lot alike.
You’re self-conscious, okay?
So, um– Here. Just–
The hell is this?
It’s just something
that some people take at clubs
to, you know, loosen up.
You take this?
A gay man who hates dancing
lives in a sad
and lonely little world.
This just melts
your inhibitions, and–
and you can dance all night.
- Plus, it gives you a raging–
- I don’t wanna–
I don’t like this at all.
Just hold on to it,
just in case.
Keep it. It’s fine.
Jay, I’m gonna
show you something.
A farmer in New Zealand
taught a pig to dance.
♪♪ [ Dance ]
[ Mitchell ]
Whoa.
See how he keeps
his snout up?
Oh, yeah. This is it.
This is what?
This.
[ Sighs ]
I– I can’t do this.
I can’t get out of the car.
I’m sorry.
I’m too embarrassed.
Would you just tell me
what’s going on?
Okay.
I– I– I want you to go read
what’s carved on that tree.
Mom, you’re
freaking me out.
Just do it.
Do it, Haley.
[ Door Opens ]
Have fun getting home!
There’s your obstacle!
What?
Are you kidding me?
Oh! Son of a... biscuit!
Why does that keep happening?
Maybe I need a nail gun.
Okay, that’s it.
I’m out.
What do you mean, you’re out?
Where are you going?
Dad, no offense,
but I’ve seen you
with a glue gun.
I think a nail is
gonna be harder
to get out of my hair.
No, don’t go.
I’m doing this for you.
Are you, Dad? Are you?
[ Phil ]
The kid made me think
with that one.
Who was I really
doing this for?
Sometimes I just say,
"Are you, Dad? Are you?"
Because he gets real quiet
and doesn’t notice
when I walk away.
It’s weird, because
I feel so comfortable
around you already.
You know, last night,
when I got home,
I just started thinking...
about all of the fun things
that we could do together.
You know?
Yeah.
I don’t wanna scare you off,
but my sister’s getting married
in a couple of weeks,
and I so don’t wanna go
to that thing alone.
Maybe you could be my date.
Katie, you’re an amazing woman.
You’re smart, you’re beautiful,
and how fun is that handbag?
[ Laughs ]
This is gonna come
as a little bit of a shock.
I’m fairly gay.
Don’t know why I said that.
I’m– I’m totally gay.
Just gay.
You’re telling me
you’re gay?
Yeah.
Why?
I was born that way.
You know, it’s just–
No, why are you telling me?
I mean, I know you’re gay.
It’s obvious.
Well, it’s not that–
it’s not that obvious. It’s–
Oh, yeah.
The way you talk and walk
and dress and your
theatrical hand gestures.
I do not have
Okay, maybe I am
moderately expressive.
But why would you
give me your number?
Oh, because
I want a gay friend.
Someone I can dish with,
give me guy advice
and I can shop with.
Those are totally
offensive stereotypes.
We could go see
Julia Roberts
movies together.
I know her, and she’s as nice
as she seems on screen.
Shut up. Really?
She is, yeah.
Is she?
So you were pretending
to be straight
and hitting on me?
It’s just a stupid bar bet.
What–
[ Car Alarm Chirps ]
My boyfriend–
Oh, he’s here.
bet me that I couldn’t get
a beautiful woman’s number.
And as a proud gay man,
I know it shouldn’t matter,
but I– I just wish everyone
could find me attractive.
Ohh.
Now he’s going
to get to gloat.
I guess I deserve it.
[ Door Opens ]
Hi.
[ Cameron ]
How’s– How’s it going?
Hello.
This is Katie.
And it turns out,
uh, well–
No, actually,
it doesn’t turn out well.
Because I thought
I finally met
a nice, funny guy...
who is also hot!
And now he’s
telling me he’s gay?
He’s like
the least gay person...
I have ever met
in my entire life!
And I thought
he was the one!
And I even told
my mom about him!
You better cherish him!
Hello. Wow.
[ Panting ]
Are you sure
you’re gay?
No.
- Cam.
- Yes.
Yes.
Look, you’re gonna
find somebody...
because you’re
an amazing girl, Katie.
You’re the whole package.
I just prefer somebody
who has one.
Okay.
[ Mouths Words ]
Oh, my God.
That was a lot
of girl tongue.
[ Chuckles ]
I think I need
a drink-a-doodle-doo.
What was that?
Hello, Haley.
How was your day?
I had no money,
no cell phone–
You’re welcome.
What?
I listened to you.
I stopped coddling you.
And look.
You overcame an obstacle.
Oh, yeah, I did.
I grew up normal
despite my crazy mom!
Well, that sounds
like the beginning
of a great essay.
"Dear college"–
Oh, honey, if you get stuck,
let me know,
and I’ll make you
sleep out in the yard.
- You’re psychotic!
- Use spell check.
♪♪ [ Speakers: Salsa ]
Whoo!
Aaah!
Don’t just sit there!
Get out here!
- I’m good. I’m good.
- Okay.
¡Hola!
You’re looking so good.
How long has it been?
We don’t know each other.
Go away.
Fair enough.
¡Hola!
You’re looking so good.
How long has it been?
What was wrong
with that guy?
I would’ve danced with him.
He’s got nice shoulders.
Oh, you know, salsa is
so intimate and sensual...
that it feels wrong
to do it with somebody else
that is not Jay.
Aw.
Yeah, Darlene feels
the same way.
If I wasn’t here,
she’d be holding up
the wall.
Yeah. A wall of men.
You know, I think
I should go home
to my loving husband...
and pull him close
and tell him
that I danced with 20 men.
[ Darlene Laughs ]
He’s not home.
He’s in
a dicey neighborhood,
worried about his car.
¡Ay, no!
Jay, you–
Mwah!
What, are we gonna
kiss or dance?
Let’s dance. Come, come.
[ Both Laughing ]
I’m dead set against drugs.
Just say no and all that stuff.
But I thought–
just this once, for Gloria.
And if I was gonna make
a complete ass of myself,
I didn’t wanna remember it.
The big drug I gave him–
baby aspirin.
Orange flavored.
He could have chewed it.
How come you never
surprise me like that?
I do surprise you.
No, you don’t.
You never surprise me.
[ Shorty ]
The sunset.
Majestic.
That’s gonna be
a hell of a tree house.
Oh. Thanks.
I’m trying.
It’s for my son,
but he’s kind of lost interest.
It’s kind of
like my daughter
with the dog,
which is
why I’m
the one...
out here
doing this.
[ Chuckles ]
Did you just move in?
Lived here eight years.
You?
Twelve.
- Huh.
Me and my friends,
we built a tree house
when I was a kid.
We spent hours
in that thing.
Loved it.
Me too.
You need any help?
Yes. A lot.
But I– I don’t
wanna bother you.
Only thing bothering me
is that drunken Amish roof
you got up there.
- Do you even have a level?
- I did.
But I might’ve gotten frustrated
and thrown it into your yard.
Let me find it.
I’ll be right over.
Thanks.
I’m Phil, by the way.
I’m Andre.
Nice to meet you, Phil.
Nice to meet you, Andre.
[ Phil ] So I guess I was wrong
when I said once you get older,
it’s harder to make new friends.
[ Andre ]
Honey, the dude
in the tree is cool!
Andre, it turns out,
is an orthopedic surgeon,
handy with tools and a great guy
to hang out with.
Plus, he’s a bad-ass black man
that gives me extra street cred.
[ Laughs ]
That’s his joke.
He’s my brotha
from a different motha.
What was that?
Different–
That’s not it.
What is it?
It’s brotha
from anotha motha.
Brotha from anotha motha.
Slow down.
Slow it down.
Brotha from anotha motha.
Forget it.
Don’t– Just don’t say it.